how lower get my friends as we all know
343 industries is working on a halo
title that will release exclusively for
xbox one very little is known about the
game including its official name is this
gonna be called halo 5 or will Microsoft
and 343 industries decide on something
different all we know for sure is that
this hello title will be exclusive for
the Xbox one it will be the first Halo
game to run a 60 frames per second and
it will have dedicated servers now the
teaser trailer shows Master Chief
wandering across a desert clutching a
chip that everyone assumes is Cortana in
a tattered robe with a cracked visor
before a ridiculously huge Promethean
robot thing erupts from the ground well
now we can add a little more info to the
Chiefs cloak wearing shenanigans here's
what the overview says about halo on the
official microsoft store Master Chief
continues his hero's quest halo 4 Xbox
one takes the now-legendary saga to new
heights and is one of the most
anticipated games for the new console in
possession of the mysterious data chip
Petty Officer John 117 aka Master Chief
confronts a new battery of challenges
and tests in the Herculean effort to
stay alive in a galaxy where sentient
life is mercilessly hunted pre-order the
next chapter in the wildly popular Halo
series designed exclusively for Xbox one
now many people believed that the
mysterious data chip is Cortana and that
the chief is on a mission to bring her
back from whatever bizarre purgatory she
went to at the end of Halo 4 but what
exactly is all this talk about staying
alive in a galaxy where all sentient
life is mercilessly hunted what's all
that about guys leave a comment below
and let me know what you think is
ruthlessly hunting all sentient life in
the galaxy thumbs up if you enjoyed the
video subscribe for more halo 5 news and
thanks for watching you beautiful
bastards here comes that mother chuff of
a boom
hello again my friends glad to see you
made it beyond the boom click the pic to
hear me talk about the current box off a
halo xbox one is it the real deal or
simply a placeholder until next time my
friends